- 1.1 Define in your own words: (a) intelligence, (b) artificial intelligence, (c) agent, (d)
rationality, (e) logical reasoning.
  - (a) Intelligence is the ability of something (human, or machine) to perceive, reason, act, evaluate the results from his own actions and learn from the environment and his actions in order to achieve his goals and solve problems. Although, outside the field of computer science, people often say there are different types of intelligence. For example, people say one could have mathematical intelligence while other has only creative intelligence. I personally think that the process of doing a creative job involve the same steps from other tasks, that is, perceiving, reasoning, acting, evaluating and learning.
  - (b) Artificial Intelligence as a field tries to understand the inner work's of intelligence, and to reproduce it on a machine. There are different approaches to achieving that goal. Some focus on the behavior of the machine, other approaches focus on how the machine would reason. One could say that a machine has artificial intelligence if it perform as well as a human, similar to the Turing test. In this book our focus is on the rational behavior of the machine. So we could consider that an agent has intelligence if it can perform an action in the best way possible.
  - (c) An agent is something that receives inputs and perform actions altering the environment. There are many functions that could implement the mapping between a sequence of inputs to those actions, thus reflecting the many ways of implementing an agent with artificial intelligence.
  - (d) Rationality refers to how something would act, and take decisions. A rational agent would probably act trying to maximize a objective function.
  - (e) Logical reasoning is the process of arriving in a conclusion by applying logical inferences in a set of initial premises that were probably true.
